README.md, before:

# The Little Cheeseboy aka "Den lille Ostpojken"
### About
This is a game made in a project course at Blekinge Institute of Technology. The game is a pacman clone with a twist. More information can be found [here](http://www.indiedb.com/games/the-little-cheese-boy).

###License
Copyright (C) 2013 Majestic6

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Polished README. removed sendmail from build shell scripts

README.md, after:

# The Little Cheeseboy aka "Den lille Ostpojken"
### About
This is a game made in a project course at Blekinge Institute of Technology. The game is a pacman clone with a twist. More information can be found [here](http://www.indiedb.com/games/the-little-cheese-boy).    

There has been no polishing whatsoever in deployment of the development environment. You need to add all dependencies in the bin and external folders yourself. Documents describing which files and which folders that should be added to the external and bin folders has been added to their respective folder. The linux build uses a set of custom makefiles which hasn't been tested on other computers other than our Ubuntu linux dev-machine. A working linux build _could_ therefore be a non smooth sailing process.

###License
Copyright (C) 2013 Majestic6

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
